Replicants are like any other machine. They're either a benefit or a hazard. If they're a benefit, it's not my problem.
I was quit when I came in here. I'm twice as quit now.
I don't get it, Tyrell. How can it not know what it is?
Memories, you're talking about memories.
Those aren't your memories, they're somebody else's.
I've had people walk out on me before, but not when I was being so charming.
You know the score, pal! If you're not a cop, you're "little people."
He can breathe OK as long as nobody unplugs him.
Talk about beauty and the beast — she's both.
The only way you can hurt him is to kill him.
Have you ever retired a human by mistake?
You know that Voigt-Kampf test of yours? Did you ever take that test yourself?
Is this testing whether I'm a Replicant or a lesbian, Mr. Deckard?
I'm not in the business. I am the business.
Painful to live in fear, isn't it?
Nothing is worse than having an itch you can never scratch!
Wake up! Time to die!
I've seen things you people wouldn't believe....
All those... moments will be lost in time, like tears...in rain.
Fiery the angels fell; deep thunder rolled around their shores; burning with the fires of Orc.
If only you could see what I've seen with your eyes!
It's not an easy thing to meet your maker.
I've done questionable things.
Can the maker repair what he makes?
Proud of yourself, little man?
Not very sporting to fire on an unarmed opponent.
You better get it up. Or I'm gonna have to kill ya.
We're not computers, Sebastian, we're physical.
That... hurt.
You've done a man's job, sir! I guess you're through, huh?
It's too bad she won't live. But then again, who does?
A new life awaits you in the Off-World colonies. The chance to begin again in a golden land of opportunity and adventure!
The tortoise lays on its back, its belly baking in the hot sun, beating its legs, trying to turn itself over but it can't. Not without your help. But you're not helping.
I do eyes. Just - just eyes.
You not come here! Illegal!
They're my friends. I make them.
There's some of me in you.
Then we're stupid, and we'll die.
Are you for real?
It seems you feel our work is not of benefit to the public.
May I ask you a personal question?
Demonstrate it. I want to see it work.
I'm surprised you didn't come here sooner.
Would you like to be modified?
I want more life, fucker.
The facts of life: To make an alteration in the evolvement of an organic life system is fatal. A coding sequence cannot be revised once it's been established.
What about EMS recombination?
We've already tried it.
You were made as well as we could make you.
Revel in your time!
Morphology? Longevity? Incept dates?
It’s your birthday. Someone gives you a calfskin wallet. How do you react?
You’ve got a little boy. He shows you his butterfly collection plus the killing jar. What do you do?
You’re watching television. Suddenly you realize there’s a wasp crawling on your arm.
You’re in a desert walking along in the sand when all of the sudden you look down, and you see a tortoise, it’s crawling toward you. You reach down, you flip the tortoise over on its back. The tortoise lays on its back, its belly baking in the hot sun, beating its legs trying to turn itself over, but it can’t, not without your help. But you’re not helping. Why is that?
Describe in single words, only the good things that come into your mind about your mother.
You're reading a magazine. You come across a full-page nude photo of a girl. You show it to your husband. He likes it so much, he hangs it on your bedroom wall. The girl is lying on a bearskin rug.
You become pregnant by a man who runs off with your best friend, and you decide to get an abortion.
You're watching a stage play - a banquet is in progress. The guests are enjoying an appetizer of raw oysters. The entree consists of boiled dog stuffed with rice. The raw oysters are less acceptable to you than a dish of boiled dog.
Indulge me.
Have you felt yourself to be exploited in any way?
What do you mean, I'm not helping?
Would you... like to be upgraded?
What... what seems to be the problem?
Quite an experience to live in fear, isn't it? That's what it is to be a slave.
Finished.
It's artificial?
But in your position, that is a risk.
How old am I?
I can't... rely on... my memories...
Again.
Ah, kinship!
I'm from the, uh, Confidential Committee on Moral Abuses.
We've got a lot in common.
I'm working. What are you doing?
Similar problems.
They jumped a shuttle off-world, killed the crew and passengers. We found the shuttle drifting off the coast two weeks ago, so we know they're around.
Embarrassing.
We began to recognize in them a strange obsession. After all, they are emotionally inexperienced, with only a few years in which to store up the experiences which you and I take for granted. If we gift them with a past, we create a cushion or a pillow for their emotions, and consequently, we can control them better.
I don't work here anymore.
Christ, Deckard. You look almost as bad as that skin-job you left on the sidewalk.
What if I go north? Disappear. Would you come after me? Hunt me?
Remember when you were six? You and your brother snuck into an empty building through a basement window. You were going to play doctor. He showed you his, but when it got to be your turn you chickened and ran; you remember that? You ever tell anybody that? Your mother, Tyrell, anybody? Remember the spider that lived outside your window? Orange body, green legs. Watched her build a web all summer, then one day there's a big egg in it. The egg hatched...
...and a hundred baby spiders came out... and they ate her.
O.K., bad joke... I made a bad joke. You're not a replicant. Go home, O.K.? No, really - I'm sorry, go home.
I think it was manufactured locally... finest quality... superior workmanship. There is a maker's serial number... 9-9-0-6-9-4-7-X-B-7-1. Interesting.
I'd like to ask you a few questions.
Your licenses in order, pal?
Is this to be an empathy test? Capillary dilation of the so-called blush response? Fluctuation of the pupil. Involuntary dilation of the iris...
Stop right where you are!
Do you love me?
Do you trust me?
This announcement is brought to you by the Shimato Dominguez Corporation - helping America into the New World.
We need you, Sebastian. You're our best and only friend.
That's no way to treat a friend.
Watch her take the pleasures from the serpent... that once corrupted man.
Drink some for me, huh, pal?
Enhance. Stop.
Move in. Stop.
Pull out, track right. Stop.
Center and pull back. Stop.
Track 45 right. Stop. Center and stop.
Enhance 34 to 36.
Pull back. Wait a minute. Go right. Stop.
Enhance 57 to 19. Track 45 left. Stop.
Enhance 15 to 23.
Gimme a hard copy right there.
